c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\academy_project.exe.config
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\academy_project.exe
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\academy_project.pdb
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project.g.resources
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project.exe
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\academy_project.pdb
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\StartingWindow.baml
c:\users\probook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\obj\Debug\StartingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\ProBook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\academy_project\academy_project\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
